1. What does git clean do?
   Answer: Git clean is to some extent an 'undo' command. Git clean can be considered complementary to other commands like git reset and git checkout. Whereas these other commands operate on files previously added to the Git tracking index, the git clean command operates on untracked files.
2. What do the -d and -f flags for git clean do?
   Answer: The -d option tells git clean that you also want to remove any untracked directories, by default it will ignore directories. The force option initiates the actual deletion of untracked files from the current directory. -f or force is required unless the clean.requireForce configuration option is set to false. This will not remove untracked folders or files specified by .gitignore.
3. What git command creates a branch?
   Answer: git branch
4. What is the difference between a fast-forward and recursive merge?
   Answer: In fast-forward merge strategy, history is just one straight line. When you create a branch, make some commits in that branch, the time you’re ready to merge, there is no new merge on the master. That way master’s pointer is just moved straight forward and history is one straight line. In Recursive merge, after you branch and make some commits, there are some new original commits on the ‘master‘. So, when it’s time to merge, git recurses over the branch and creates a new merge commit. The merge commit continues to have two parents.
5. What git command changes to another branch?
   Answer: git checkout
6. How do you remove modified or deleted files from the working directory?
   Answer: git rm [file]
7. What git command deletes a branch?
   Answer: $ git branch -d branch_name
	   $ git branch -D branch_name
	   $ git push <remote_name> --delete <branch_name>
8. What does the git diff command do?
   Answer: git diff is a multi-use Git command that when executed runs a diff function on Git data sources. These data sources can be commits, branches, files and more. This document will discuss common invocations of git diff and diffing work flow patterns. The git diff command is often used along with git status and git log to analyze the current state of a Git repo.
9. How do you remove files from the staging area?
   Answer: git rm [file]
10.How do merge conflicts happen?
   Answer: Often, merge conflicts happen when people make different changes to the same line of the same file, or when one person edits a file and another person deletes the same file.